HUH?
All: OOH!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OHH!
OOH.
Syrus: WHAT BANNER
WARNED US ABOUT!
IT'S HERE.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Chazz: THE SPIRIT KEYS!
SOMETHIN'S HAPPENIN' TO 'EM?!
HUH?
OH! AH!
HEY!
WHERE YOU GOIN',
CHAZZ?!
I DON'T KNOW!
[YELLING]
HEY, CAN WE COME?
HELP ME!
[GRUNTING]
JUST HOLD ON!
WHAT DO YA THINK I'M--
AAH!
[YELLING]
Jaden: CHAZZ!
All: OOH.
Zane: THE KEYS...
THEY'RE BEING ABSORBED
INTO THE PILLARS!
Chumley:
NOT LISHUS.
Jaden: THEY'RE OPENIN' UP
ALL THE SPIRIT GATES!
Alexis:
WHAT DID YOU DO, CHAZZ?!
IT'S NOT MY FAULT!
[ALL GROAN]
CHILDREN!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
I'M SURE THIS IS
YOUR FAULT, JADEN!
HEY, WAIT!
I DIDN'T STEAL THOSE KEYS!
All: IT WAS CHAZZ!
HEH...
I WAS JUST "BORROWING" THE KEYS
FOR ALEXIS!
DON'T DARE DRAG ME
INTO YOUR BIG MESS!
[ALL GASP]
HUH? NOW WHAT?
IT'S THE...
SACRED BEAST CARDS!
Kagemaru: THOSE CARDS
DO NOT BELONG TO YOU!
HUH?
WHAT IS THAT?!
YEAH, ASK ME,
LIKE I'M GONNA KNOW!
[MURMURING]
THE CARDS BELONG TO ME!
[ALL GASP]
WAIT A MOMENT.
I KNOW THAT MAN!
I'M SO GLAD YOU
RECOGNIZE ME, SHEPPARD,
EVEN THOUGH THE YEARS
HAVE NOT BEEN KIND.
IT'S KAGEMARU!
OUR SUPERINTENDENT!
[GRUNT]
SUPERINTENDENT?
I BUILT THIS SCHOOL!
AND NOW I'VE RETURNED
FOR MY SACRED BEAST CARDS!
WAIT JUST A SEC THERE,
TEST-TUBE!
YOU WANT 'EM?
YOU GOTTA
GET THROUGH US!
THAT'S HOW THIS WORKS!
FOOLS! I AM KAGEMARU,
MASTER OF THE SHADOW GAMES!
IT WAS I WHO FIRST
SEALED THE CARDS HERE.
IT WAS I WHO GAVE SHEPPARD
THE 7 KEYS!
SHEPPARD?!
ALONE, THEY ARE WORTHLESS.
TO UNLOCK THE SPIRIT GATES,
ALL THAT IS REQUIRED
IS DUELING ENERGY...
ENERGY YOU EXPEND TRYING
TO PROTECT THOSE KEYS.
OHH. SEE?
THIS ISN'T
THE CHAZZ'S FAULT!
HUH?
THIS IS WHY I ARRANGED
FOR ALL THE BEST DUELISTS
IN THE WORLD TO COME HERE!
I HOPED, YEAR AFTER YEAR,
CLASS AFTER CLASS,
A STUDENT WOULD ARISE WITH
ENOUGH DUELING SPIRIT
TO UNLOCK THE POWER
OF THE CARDS.
MY SHADOW RIDERS
WERE SENT TO TEST YOU,
AND ONLY ONE PASSED--
ONE WITH THE POTENTIAL TO
FINALLY UNLOCK THE SACRED BEASTS
AND GIVE ME THE STRENGTH
TO RULE THE WORLD!
A CUTE STORY!
SO WHY ALL THE TRICKS?
WERE YOU TOO WEAK
TO GET THE SACRED CARDS
FOR YOURSELF?
ALEXIS, DON'T MAKE
THE SCARY MAN MAD!
HE DON'T LOOK SO TOUGH!
MORE LIKE SOME KINDA
REJECT SCIENCE PROJECT!
HMM.
LISTEN UP!
THERE IS NO WAY
YOU'RE GETTING
THOSE BEAST CARDS...
NOT SO LONG AS I'M HERE!
YOU GOT THAT, KAGEMARU?
YOU'LL HAVE TO DUEL ME
FOR THEM!
BACK OFF! IT'S MY DUEL!
AND I'LL...
CHAZZ YOU UP BIG TIME!
SO LET'S GO!
NO WAY!
HE'S ALL MINE!
AFTER ALL...
HE AND I
ARE OLD FRIENDS!
HE TRANSFORMED ME
INTO ONE OF
HIS SHADOW RIDERS!
Kagemaru: NO!
MY OPPONENT WILL BE...
JADEN YUKI!
EXCUSE ME, WHAT?
[CHUCKLES]
YOU HAVE PROVEN
TO BE THE ONLY DUELIST
WITH THE POWER TO UNLOCK
THE SACRED BEAST CARDS!
[ALL GASPING]
AND IF YOU REFUSE,
I WILL SEE TO IT
THAT THIS ISLAND
AND EVERYONE ON IT
SINKS TO THE DEPTHS
OF THE OCEAN DEEP!
YOU CAN'T!
I CAN DO ANYTHING...
WITH THESE.
[ALL GASP]
THE SACRED BEAST
CARDS?!
GOOD LUCK NOW.
LET THIS SHADOW GAME BEGIN!
HMM.
LISTEN, JADEN...
IF YOU NEED ANY ADVICE,
DON'T ASK.
WHERE YOU GOIN'?
TO FIND A BOAT!
CATCH!
UH...AAH!
YOU OK?
FEELIN' DANDY.
YOU'D BETTER NOT LOSE!
JUS' GOT MY ROOM
LOOKIN' COOL.
NO SWEAT!
I HOPE THAT YOU BROUGHT
YOUR A-GAME, KAGEMARU!
HUH?
PROFESSOR BANNER'S TOME.
HMM. BANNER MUST'VE
WANTED ME TO HAVE THIS.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL PUT IT IN MY DECK!
WHAT HAVE I GOT TO LOSE?
HEY, JADEN!
ROCK HIS WORLD!
THANKS! WILL DO!
YAH!
SORRY, CHAZZ!
MY BAD!
Chazz: THAT DOES IT!
I'M OUTTA HERE!
COME ON, CHAZZ,
I NEED YOU!
YOU NEED A BIG KICK
IN THE--
Kagemaru: SILENCE!
THIS IS WHY
I HATE TEENAGERS.
ALL RIGHT, KAGEMARU!
LET'S DO THIS!
JADEN! IF YOU LOSE...
HE'LL TAKE OVER
THE WORLD!
AND THAT'S...
LIKE, REALLY BAD!
IN THAT CASE,
TIME TO GET MY GAME ON!
MAKE YOUR MOVE!
ALL RIGHTY, LET'S GO!
I SUMMON BURSTINATRIX
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND ONE FACEDOWN.
NOW LET'S SEE IF
THOSE BEAST CARDS
ARE ALL THAT!
HA HA HA!
YES, LET'S.
I SHALL BEGIN BY PLACING
3 TRAP CARDS FACEDOWN.
3 TRAP CARDS?
I THINK THIS GUY'S GOT
HIS CIRCUITS CROSSED!
AH, WHADDYA MEAN?
WHEN YOU LAY
FACEDOWN CARDS,
YOU NEVER HAVE TO SAY
WHETHER OR NOT THEY'RE
TRAP CARDS OR SPELL CARDS!
OH, YEAH, RIGHT.
UNLESS YOU HAPPEN TO BE
SUMMONING A SACRED BEAST!
GOOD!
YOU KNOW,
I ALWAYS WANTED
TO SEE ONE UP CLOSE!
HEH HEH HEH!
YOU SHOULD BE MORE CAREFUL
OF WHAT YOU WISH FOR!
I SACRIFICE MY 3 TRAP CARDS
TO SUMMON THE FIRST
SACRED BEAST:
URIA,
LORD OF SEARING FLAMES!
[ALL GASP]
HEY,
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
SOMETHING VERY BAD!
[ROARING]
OHH.
ON SECOND THOUGHT...
MAYBE I DON'T NEED
TO SEE IT UP CLOSE.
Ojama Yellow: BOSS!
HELP ME, BOSS!
THAT THING...
IS DOING SOMETHING TO US!
SUCK IT UP.
I'M SURE YOU'RE FINE.
NOW I ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY...
TRAP DESTRUCTION!
[ROARING]
WHOA!
ALL TRAPS ARE USELESS
AGAINST MY SACRED BEASTS
AND ARE DESTROYED.
AND IF YOU WERE CURIOUS
AS TO URIA'S ATTACK POINTS,
HE RECEIVES 1,000
PER TRAP CARD
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
AND AT LAST COUNT,
I HAVE 3, FOR A TOTAL OF
3,000 ATTACK POINTS!
NOW...REDUCE
BURSTINATRIX TO SLAG!
HYPER BLAZE!
[GROANS]
HA HA HA!
YOUR TURN, JADEN.
TURN FOR WHAT?
THAT MONSTER'S
TOO POWERFUL.
WHAT CAN JADEN DO?
AW, MAN...
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
OHH.
[GRUNTING]
[THINKING]
THIS IS IT.
I'VE WAITED
MY WHOLE LIFE
TO DUEL THE BEST!
IT'S WHY I CAME HERE
IN THE FIRST PLACE!
AND NOW,
I GOT THE BEST.
AND I'M STARIN' HIM DOWN
IN A DUEL TO
TAKE OVER THE WORLD!
WHAT MORE
COULD ANY KID WANT?!
LET'S DO THIS!
HA!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN!
AND WHEN I CALL HIM OUT
ALL ALONE,
I GET TO DRAW TWO MORE!
NOW, LET'S SEE
WHAT KINDA CARDS WE GOT!
IT'S NOT GONNA
MAKE A DIFFERENCE,
DUDE!
WHAT'S JADEN THINKING?!
WITH BUBBLEMAN
IN ATTACK MODE,
HE'S GOT NO DEFENSE!
HE CAN'T BEAT
THAT MONSTER, ANYHOW!
I CAN'T WATCH THIS!
WHY NOT?
THIS DUEL MIGHT BE
THE LAST THING WE SEE!
Syrus: COME ON!
DON'T GIVE UP ON HIM YET!
ALL RIGHT!
NEXT I'LL PLAY
POLYMERIZATION!
AND I'LL FUSE
MY BUBBLEMAN WITH...
ELEMENTAL HEROES
AVIAN AND SPARKMAN...
TO FORM
ELEMENTAL HERO TEMPEST!
[CHUCKLES]
HE STILL DOESN'T HAVE
ENOUGH ATTACK POINTS
TO DESTROY URIA.
NOT RIGHT NOW,
BUT THAT'S
WHY I GOT THIS---
TO HELP EVEN
THE PLAYING FIELD.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE "EVEN"
ISN'T EXACTLY RIGHT.
CHECK OUT...SKYSCRAPER!
THANKS TA THIS,
MY HERO GETS A "WING UP"
ON YOU!
IF HE HAS LESS
ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR URIA LORD
OF SEARING
FLAME-WHATEVER...
HE GETS AN EXTRA
THOUSAND POINTS!
TEMPEST,
SHOW 'EM WHO'S BOSS!
[GROANING]
THAT'S A HIT!
HE DID IT!
YEAH...BUT I WOULD'VE
GOTTEN RID OF IT
LAST ROUND, SY.
IMPRESSIVE.
I SEE I MADE
THE CORRECT CHOICE
IN SELECTING YOU
AS MY OPPONENT, JADEN YUKI.
YOUR DUELING SPIRIT
WILL SERVE ME WELL
AS I RIP IT
FROM YOUR BODY
AND USE IT TO ACQUIRE
THE POWER OF THE SACRED
BEAST CARDS!
HA HA HA!
I KINDA LIKE
MY DUELING SPIRIT
RIGHT WHERE IT IS!
SO LET'S SEE HOW YOU
HANDLE A FACEDOWN!
HA! AND LET'S SEE
HOW YOU HANDLE THIS!
I ACTIVATE
URIA'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
I MERELY SEND
THIS TRAP CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN...HEH HEH HEH!
HUH?!
OH, NO.
DON'T TELL ME...
IT CAN'T BE!
[GROWLING]
AS LORD OF SEARING FLAMES,
ONE OF URIA'S
SPECIAL ABILITIES
IS TO BE RESURRECTED
WHEN I DISCARD A TRAP
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
WHAT'S WORSE,
WITH ANOTHER TRAP CARD
IN HIS GRAVEYARD,
IT GETS A THOUSAND
MORE POINTS!
AND IF JADEN
DOESN'T DO SOMETHING
TO GET RID OF IT,
HE'LL BE
IN THE GRAVEYARD NEXT!
NOW SAY GOOD-BYE TO
YOUR "FEATHERED FRIEND,"
JADEN!
[ROARING]
AAH!
[GRUNTING]
HOLD ON, TEST TUBEY!
WATCH!
I GOT TRICKS, TOO!
BY SENDING A CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
TEMPEST CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
AND WE'LL FOLLOW UP
THAT ACT WITH
OUR NEXT PERFORMER...
HA!
ONE OF MY FAVES:
POT OF GREED!
THAT'S TWO CARDS FOR ME
AND A WHOLE LOT
OF PAIN FOR YOU
'CAUSE I'M PLAYIN' THIS:
HEATED HEART!
IT GIVES TEMPEST
500 MORE ATTACK POINTS,
WHICH IS JUST ENOUGH POWER
TO TAKE OUT URIA
ONE MORE TIME!
[GROANING]
WASTE YOUR TURN, JADEN.
AS LONG AS I HAVE
TRAPS TO DISCARD,
MY LORD OF SEARING FLAMES
WILL NEVER BE DESTROYED!
AND NOW I'LL USE
MY POT OF GREED!
AND THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
THE FIELD SPELL:
FALLEN PARADISE!
[GASP]
NOT GOOD.
NOT ONLY IS YOUR SKYSCRAPER
OBLITERATED,
BUT THIS NEW FIELD
ENABLES ME
TO DRAW TWO ADDITIONAL CARDS
EVERY ROUND,
WHICH GIVES ME
JUST ENOUGH TO LAY DOWN
3 SPELL CARDS.
HUH? 3 SPELLS?!
GREAT!
HA! I SEE,
DESPITE YOUR GRADES,
YOU ARE A QUICK LEARNER.
NOW I SACRIFICE
THESE 3 SPELL CARDS
TO SUMMON THE SECOND
SACRED BEAST...
HAMON,
LORD OF STRIKING THUNDER!
LOOK!
WE SEE IT.
NOW,
ABOUT THAT BOAT...
OHH.
HAMON...ATTACK!
[GROWLING]
LET'S SHOW HIS TEMPEST
A REAL STORM!
AAH!
TEMPEST! NO!
[GROANING]
AND WITH HAMON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
SHOULD HE
DESTROY A MONSTER,
YOU SUFFER AN ADDITIONAL
THOUSAND POINTS OF DAMAGE!
HA HA HA!
OH, DON'T WORRY.
IT WON'T HURT...ME!
[YELLING]
JADEN?
HE OK?
[GROANING]
Ojama Yellow: BOSS...
HELP US, BOSS...ALL OF US.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?!
[GASP]
ALL MY CARDS
ARE FADING!
MINE, TOO!
OUR MONSTERS...
THEY'RE ALL DISAPPEARING!
Kagemaru: OF COURSE.
THE SACRED BEASTS
DRAW THEIR STRENGTH
FROM DUELING SPIRITS.
BUT NOT MERELY
FROM THE PLAYERS--
THEY ABSORB ENERGY
FROM THE VERY CARDS
THEMSELVES!
Zane: THAT'S WHY
THEY WERE LOCKED AWAY!
THESE BEASTS HAVE
THE POWER TO DESTROY...
EVERY CARD
ON THE PLANET!
IMPOSSIBLE!
BUMMER.
NO, THIS CAN'T BE
HAPPENING!
BUT HOLD ON!
JADEN'S CARDS
AREN'T AFFECTED!
JADEN'S DUELING SPIRIT
IS BEYOND ALL OF YOURS.
TIME AND TIME AGAIN,
HE HAS PROVEN THE COURAGE
AND HEART TO WIN,
NO MATTER WHAT THE ODDS.
IT IS THIS FORCE ALONE
THAT CAN TAME THE SACRED BEASTS
AND HARNESS THEIR AWESOME POWER!
SO THAT'S WHY
YOU WANT ME.
YES. ONCE THIS
SHADOW GAME ENDS
AND YOU LAY DEFEATED,
I SHALL TAKE YOUR SPIRIT.
FINALLY,
I WILL HAVE THE POWER
TO BECOME THE NEW MASTER
OF THE SACRED BEASTS!
THEN, THEY WILL ABSORB
THE ENERGY OF EVERY DUELIST
AND DECK ACROSS THE PLANET,
GIVING ME ENOUGH STRENGTH
TO RULE THE WORLD!
ALLOW ME TO DEMONSTRATE
A MERE FRACTION
OF THEIR POWER.
[GRUNTS]
YES...YES!
REJUVENATE ME!
[SHOUTING]
OHH!
[GASPING]
AAH!
[CHUCKLES]
HE'S BEEN REBORN!
I DOUBT IT.
IT'S ALL FOR SHOW.
IS THIS FOR SHOW?
[ALL GASP]
HA! I LIKE THIS NEW BODY.
BUT SOMETHING'S
STILL MISSING.
OHH.
OH, I KNOW!
IT'S YOUR SOUL, JADEN!
NOW LET'S FINISH THIS DUEL!
OHH.